Tabbed components disable routing (#5945)
marmelab/react-admin: docs/Show.md

- `className` is passed to the tab *header*
- `contentClassName` is passed to the tab *content*

> You can also opt out the location synchronization by passing `false` to the `syncWithLocation` prop of the `<TabbedShowLayout>` component, in which case, the `path` prop on the `Tab` components will be ignored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also opt out the location synchronization by passing `false` to the `syncWithLocation` prop of the `<TabbedShowLayout>` component. This allows e.g. to have several `<TabbedShowLayout>` components in a page.
```

                <TextField source="title" />
                <TextField source="teaser" />
            </Tab>
            <Tab label="body" path="body">
                <RichTextField source="body" addLabel={false} />
            </Tab>
            <Tab label="Miscellaneous" path="miscellaneous">
                <TextField label="Password (if protected post)" source="password" type="password" />
                <DateField label="Publication date" source="published_at" />
                <NumberField source="average_note" />
                <BooleanField label="Allow comments?" source="commentable" defaultValue />
                <TextField label="Nb views" source="views" />
            </Tab>
            <Tab label="comments" path="comments">
                <ReferenceManyField reference="comments" target="post_id" addLabel={false}>
                    <Datagrid>
                        <TextField source="body" />
                        <DateField source="created_at" />
                        <EditButton />
                    </Datagrid>
                </ReferenceManyField>
            </Tab>
        </TabbedShowLayout>
    </Show>
);
```
{% endraw %}

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Tip**: When `syncWithLocation` is `false`, the `path` prop of the `<Tab>` components is ignored.
```
